Drilling engineer
apprentice chef
cobbler	
surgeon
student
hotel porter
pharmacist
music teacher
police officer
Gunsmith
locksmith
Boiler
Musician
servant
bakery owner	
TV cameraman
Naturopath
basket-maker
School principal
brush maker
anthropologist	
packer
viniculturist 
Pathologist
Sonographer
zookeeper
Orthopaedic surgeon
Human resource adviser
Intelligence officer
baker
Fitness instructor
glass grinder	
journalist
blast-furnaceman	
Forklift driver
Naval architect
bank clerk
Author
barmaid 
hand lacemaker	
registrar
glazier
Chemical engineer
miner
Police officer
Storeperson
environmentalist
circus artist 
judge	
Intensive care specialist
roofer
Game developer
lift operator
musician
technical editor
caretaker
economist 
nursery nurse
mathematician
hardener
faith healer
consultant
car mechanic
Taxi driver
croupier	
palmist
Insurance broker
Locksmith
decorator	
glass painter
forestry manager	
helper
land surveyor	
security guard	
Civil engineer
hatter 
barman
manicurist
astrologer
Body artist
animator	
careers adviser
Psychologist
Lifeguard
Botanist
Orthotist
Stonemason
travel agent
ticket collector
Legal secretary
clergywoman
warder
crane operator
warden
Plumber
investment clerk	
Bank worker
Carpenter
scriptwriter	
auto-electrician
insurance assessor	
telecaster
postmaster
veterinary assistant	
photographer
Bar attendant
Library assistant
farm worker
pilot
travel agency clerk
Statistician
secretary 
Mathematician
dog trainer
investigator		
orchestral	
salesperson
Shearer
Bookkeeper
Product examiner
disc jockey
Waiter
Osteopath
Petrophysicist
Stockbroking dealer
makeup artist
electrician
Endocrinologist
gangster
Anaesthetist
Otorhinolaryngologist
Settlement agent
script editor	
meteorologist
usher
Motor mechanic
archivist
cutler	
airline clerk 
judge
​​​Valuer
pedicurist
poulterer	
Offset printer
tanner
programmer
merchandiser
sewing machinist	
draughtsperson 
welding operator 
tyrefitter
Furniture removalist
invoice clerk	
employment agent
driver
estate agent
systems programmer
repairer
Metal machinist
engine driver	
coach
luggage porter
singer
prosthetist
scaffolder	
modeller
sub-editor 
glassworker 	
chemical operator
textile printer
web designer
butler	
Milliner
farrier	
shift engineer
Coxswain
criminal investigator
section supervisor	
historian
Shoe repairer
physiotherapist	
Retail buyer
foster parent	
Flight attendant
biotechnologist
choreographer
boilermaker
Geophysicist
Policy analyst
hotel receptionist 
Copywriter
referee
umpire	
Train controller
jewellery maker
stonecutter
winery worker
computer programmer
housekeeper 
Archivist
film director
announcer 
well digger	
art metalworker
Automotive electrician
ship's captain
prison guard
Picture framer
tutor
prompter
​​​Kitchenhand
window-dresser
wine maker	
tunneller	
hand weaver	
prisoner
Soil scientist
gunsmith
radio broadcaster
Jewellery designer
teacher
Physiotherapist
sales manager
Landscape gardener
Paediatrician
Audiologist
minister of religion 
Industrial pharmacist
Historian
museum curator
Meteorologist
brush-maker
chimney sweep
chief
Roof tiler
fortune teller
inspector
doctor
Wood machinist
Concierge
harbour guard	
dance teacher
fashion designer	
Dietitian
Office manager
airhostess
radiographer
policeman
shop cashier 
textile technologist
sales representative 
warehouse clerk
charter agent
geologist	
Chemist
radiotherapist
obstetric
Wood turner
varnisher 
psychaitrist
pollster	
Insurance agent
Park ranger
Actor
fitter	
Aboriginal
Army Soldier
nanny
personal assistant	
Painting trades worker
botanist	
career counselor
textiles dyer
Process engineer
systems engineer	
Dermatologist
wine-grower
Bicycle mechanic
stonemason
company accountant
Miner
Plant mechanic
window-pane maker
gravedigger
historian	
Beef cattle farmer
trainman
usherette
hairdresser
Systems analyst
builder
Brewer
jeweler
travel courier 
ethnographer	
magician
toolmaker
psychologist
Stunt performer
film projectionist
commercial traveller	
librarian
reporter
shop assistant
watch-maker 
cricketer
mistress
counsellor	
horse breeder
ice-cream maker	
silversmith
animator
knitter
costume maker
athlete 
explosives expert	
smith
Conservation Officer
officer
laundry worker
operator
Furniture finisher
Jockey
glasscutter 
host 
Network administrator
spinner
Meat inspector
Counsellor
manager	
care assistant
Light technician
solicitor
Pharmacologist
cabinetmaker
Dancer
Drycleaner
pizza maker
Civil celebrant
Aquaculture farmer
Judge
Special needs teacher
scientist
whaler	
legal assistant	
career diplomat
veterinary technician
Gastroenterologist
journalist	
Physicist
tamer
Pet groomer
aerial rigger	
Nurse practitioner
guide	
tool setter
technician
customs officer 
engineer
head teacher
optometrist
tattooist
instructor	
nurse 
reserve warden
river administrator	
Auditor 
Animal attendants
​​​Laboratory manager
carpenter
Conference
digger
Library technician
Orthoptist
​​​Obstetrician
metrologist
Landscape architect
Web designer
ecologist 
camera operator
newspaper editor
Meter reader
Art teacher
​​​Talent agent
architect	
Midwife
Shotfirer
Solicitor
Tyre fitter
room maid 
sociologist
welder
masseuse
shipwright
Petroleum engineer
fine artist
editor 
Diver
Solid plasterer
Gaming worker
make-up artist
upholsterer
hat maker
translator
bibliographer	
Cook
warehouse keeper	
housekeeper
Parking inspector
seaman
Soldier
​​​Zoologist
director	
confectioner 
editor
ceramicist 
​​​Hairdresser
hydrologist	
wire-drawer
conductor
astrologer	
Boat builder
herbalist	
radio jockey	
customs inspector	
dental surgeon
paediatrician	
munitions worker	
cabinet maker
Nutritionist
Music teacher
paramedic 
weigher	
​​​accountant
industrialist
Hospital pharmacist
Interior designer
veterinary surgeon
Doorperson
conservator 
watchmaker	
actuary
cafe owner
postman	
train driver 
Delivery driver
textile refiner
Bus driver
teller
town planner
detective
Laundry worker
chemist		
producer
salesman
civil servant
industrial designer
biscuit maker	
civil engineer
valuer
sugar-maker 
Pest controller
captain
sculptor	
shepherd
farm labourer
geophysicist
TV presenter
cashier
goldsmith
theif
lawyer
philosopher
Nurse educator
chef
concrete worker 
lecturer
designer
station manager
cooper
auxiliary worker
jewellery designer
watchman 
wagon inspector
Arborist
Geologist
private detective
Fire fighter
Butcher 
jeweller
swimming instructor	
Gynaecologist
boiler operator 
Navy sailor
Property developer
psychologist	
tractor-driver
insurance clerk
Forensic scientist
General clerk
Grape grower
Steelworker
buyer
Graphic designer
storekeeper
Biotechnologist
trucker
ergonomist
Chiropractor
fish warden	
Turf grower
bookmaker	
tax specialist
optician 
labourer
technologist
chambermaid
stuntman 
Audiovisual technician
Ship's officer
Psychiatrist
sailor
cable car driver
receptionist
cleaning staff	
masseur
domestic help	
songwriter	
Neurologist
waitress
puppeteer
coffee roaster	
coffeehouse keeper 
Goldsmith
event manager
biochemist	
Publisher
Powder coater 
cab driver
Driving instructor
Migration agent
actor
fishmonger
woodcutter
Helicopter pilot
Human resource manager
joiner
art glazier
Pastrycook
waiter
Metal fabricator
accountant
actress	
forester 
musicologist
Waterside worker
​​​Safety inspector
camera mechanic
Prison officer
geologist
brewer
beauty therapist	
taxi driver
postmistress	
Gasfitter
music director
prison officer
Economist
Concreter
publican 
Beauty therapist
Army officer
dressmaker
Actuary
refuse collector
typesetter
landlord
glass melter
Property manager
beekeeper
mosaic maker
trainee
​​​University lecturer
Barista
canning worker
Personal assistant
trainer
pizza delivery guy	
​​​Cabinetmaker
plasterer
potter
marionetteer
Sportsperson
surgery toolmaker	
priest
banking expert
rope maker	
ship's officer
Systems administrator
website designer
art restorer	
senior guard
personal assistant
farmer
diplomat
Streetsweeper operator
button maker
track engineer
Records manager
microbiologist
shop worker
scene-shifter	
mountain guide
Mortgage broker
cleaner	
driller	
Multimedia specialist
executive
Rheumatologist
silkworm breeder
systems analyst
model
Plastics technician
financial analyst
Auctioneer
cartographer
director
printer
Director
collector	
bookbinder	
Recreation officer
physicist
harpooner
telephone operator
sewerage cleaner	
Confectionery maker
tailor
Network engineer
maltster	
diver
Archaeologist
haematologist
Food technologist
Fishing hand
commentator
image consultant	
Industrial designer
Industrial engineer
dairy worker
nurse
craft glazier	
Crane chaser
tobacco technologist	
public prosecutor
Radio presenter
statistician	
Microbiologist
composer
policewoman
astronomer	
rolling-mill worker
Road worker
Travel consultant
art critic 
sportsman	
poultry farmer	
coder
fire officer 
hairdresser	
patent agent
firefighter
Sound technician
landlady	
Metallurgist
therapist	
Wool classer
porter
lift fitter
Ship's engineer
author
Shelf filler
sericulturist
dentist
stockbroker	
Greenkeeper
Surgeon
butcher 
painter
Fisheries officer
​​​Youth worker
galvaniser
Transit officer
telephonist
tinsmith
Trade union official
poultry breeder 
Cardiologist
Engraver
cloakroom attendant
dispatcher	
Train driver
garbage man
Immigration officer
Acupuncturist
Ophthalmologist
plumber
transport supervisor
Surveyor's assistant
computer programmer 
wood machinist	
concreter
spray painter
Interpreter
economist
Tour guide
surveyor's assistant
Domestic cleaner
pipe fitter
boiler attendant	
geographer
master
clerk
Scaffolder
Urologist
fish farmer
waiter 
applications programmer
writer
watercourse manager 
postal worker
Truck driver
systems designer 
Floor finisher
trainer 
Bookmaker
Court bailiff
​​​Paediatric surgeon
piano tuner
blacksmith 
sausage-maker
Funeral director
goatherd
Translator
shelf filler	
event organiser
Forester
juggler
Librarian
computer engineer 
Silversmith
stonemason	
bricklayer	
debt collector
livestock farmer
Screen printer
interpreter
art photographer	
locksmith	
Project builder
biologist
fireman
shunter
Barrister
nutritionist			
Abattoir worker
pawnbroker
craft smith
dish washer	
Radio producer
paver
Accountant
circus performer	
Podiatrist
auctioneer
pottery maker	
tourist guide	
forester
goldsmith	
secretary
Upholsterer
​​​Quantity Surveyor
weaver 
ceramics
Neurosurgeon
Optical mechanic
manager
flight attendant
auditor
Nurse manager
flight engineer
prosthetist	
Horse trainer
builders 
Motorcycle mechanic
weaver	
Fashion designer
Hotel or motel manager
psychotherapist
Conservator
train dispatcher
Journalist
Navy technician
tannery worker
aircraft mechanic
dry-cleaner
Set designer
worker	
clergyman
Handyperson
Speech pathologist
computer network manager	
gardener
Surveyor
psychiatrist
script writer 
Tool pusher
financial officer
Photographer
Art director
interior designer
articled clerk 
dispatch clerk
Dentist
bookkeeper	
shoemaker 
sweet factory worker 
Debt collector
hostess	
tram driver
lexicographer
assessor 
Private investigator
politician
bodybuilder
Wine maker
stove fitter
home tutor	
​​​Baker
Deck hand
geneticist	
social activist
Tree faller
beautician 
boatman
Steel fixer
site manager
mechanic
Embalmer
paediatric
naturalist
miller		
dresser
social worker
airline ticket agent	
Ambulance officer
researcher
tax adviser
Gardener
banker
service mechanic
beggar
wood carver
dancer
Florist
metallurgist
tracklayer
library assistant
information technology engineer
orthotist
air steward
decorator
enamel worker	
company lawyer	
fashion model
architect
watchwoman
plywood maker
adviser 
sheriff
governess 
animal technician	
fire officer
Bricklayer
blasters foreman
Cartographer
Social worker
barber
dietician
Cardiothoracic 
Signwriter
midwife	
Payroll clerk
Panelbeater
cook
film designer
security guard
optician
real estate agent 
soldier
bartender	
investment banker
Model
ore crusher		
Pharmacist
fisherman
Career counsellor
Flying instructor
Structural engineer
Driller
driving instructor
broadcaster
surgical toolmaker 
Food processing worker
Ship's master
Sheep farmer
butcher
​​​Radiation oncologist
archeologist	
scene painter	
ship broker
agronomist
gambler
quality inspector	
draughtsman	
Receptionist
IT engineer
vet
Optometrist
sugar maker
Glazier
Nurseryperson
Roof plumber
hand embroiderer	
photographic model
publisher
film critic
weir and dam operator
sweet maker
Chef
sound engineer
Printing machinist
sales assistant 
window cleaner	
​​​Nanny
Law clerk
cheese maker
Hydrologist
Joiner
assistant
police officer
hotel manager
lifeguard 
Architect
lithographer
Radiologist
doorkeeper
Laboratory technician
lift attendant
stuntwoman	
secretary
teacher
handmaid
adventurer
civil servant
wife
sister
brother
child
son
daughter
father
mother
cousin
aunt
niece
nephew
